Create rule S6318: "suspend" modifier should not be redundant (#184)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6318/kotlin/rule.adoc

> In Kotlin, we're using `suspend` function modifier to declare the function, which might take some time to execute and can potentially suspend the caller thread. The place where such function is called is a "suspension point". Functions marked as `suspend` should have at least one suspension point, otherwise there is no sense to mark suvh function as `suspend`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kotlin, the `suspend` function modifier is used to mark a function which might take some time to execute and could suspend the caller thread. The location where such a function is called is a "suspension point". Functions marked as `suspend` should themselves contain at least one suspension point, otherwise it makes no sense to mark it as `suspend`
```
